My dad was the first to be told
the truth about what they found.
-MAN: Big shoes to fill.
-MAN 2: He was buried
five months ago.
-How was this even possible?
-MAN 3: We’re looking into it,
Harris.
BRYAN: That story that you
shared in the plane,
it stuck with me.
Why are you asking me
about my father, Bryan?
Because your father’s alive.
BRYAN:
What are you not telling me?
FINOLA: Something is going on
that both of us don’t
understand.
I need to know
if I can trust you.
FINOLA: You can.
LINDA: Do you see it?
No.
I told them we’d be
on the ferry by nine.
I’m not gonna stress out
because your father has
to micromanage
every single thing, Linda.
I guess I ruined that
the ferries are on time.
LINDA: What?
Just text him and tell him
the ferries are off schedule.
MAN (on speaker):
Excuse me, folks.
Sorry for the delay.
The ferry’s
about 15 minutes out.
(phone chimes)
No. No.
-(gunshot)
-(gulls squawking)
* (theme)
-Kenny, good to see you.
-Brian.
Hey.
MADDOX: Have a seat.
I need to get you up to speed.
His name is Anson Ash.
Ex-SAS.
Long history
of recovery experience.
British Intelligence says
he went AWOL six years ago.
He was a decorated soldier
and then became an issue
for them.
Have you got any more
clarity on INFLUX?
Where it started?
Anti-government
ideological movement
organized to dismantle
the government’s control
over the Debris.
So far, we don’t know
where they started,
and we don’t know where
the dark money’s coming from.
Largely, we think
they’re autonomous cells.
I, um-- We got his phone...
...but there’s some sort of
proprietary encryption on it.
Have you ever seen anything
like that?
-Calls keep coming into it.
-No.
The caller’s coming
from somewhere in Maine.
-What’s in Maine?
-Another operating cell...
or an impending event.
I need you to go
and investigate quietly.
We wanna keep the lights off.
At least then I can tell
how dark this thing is
we’re looking at.
I don’t wanna lose any more
lives, Bryan, okay?
Has Anson Ash revealed what
they wanted with George Jones?
Not yet, but he will.
What?
I think Finola and MI6
know he’s alive.
How?
Just intuition.
I’ve spent a lot of time
with her recently,
and she’s acting differently.
I just wanted you
to be aware,
in case what I’m saying is true.
Okay. Thanks.
Hey.
I got new briefing from Maine.
Did Maddox get any more intel
about my father?
No, not yet.
Yeah, well, I think he’s just
going to hold on to whatever
he learns.
If it is an INFLUX cell
out there,
at least I’ll be able
to interview them myself
before Maddox,
see what else I can find out.
I told him you know
your father’s alive.
-Why?
-I didn’t tell him I told you,
but I can’t let him
be vulnerable to Ferris.
He needed to know.
Until there’s incontrovertible
evidence against him,
I can’t accept
what you’ve been told.
Okay.
Hmm.
AC-130s-- I spent way too many
hours in those things.
-Hey, guys.
-Hey, Tom.
-What do we got?
-We tracked the calls made
to Anson Ash’s phone.
They were placed from a burner
purchased a local Best Buy.
Purchaser was a Bar Harbor
resident with a long rap sheet.
He killed himself this morning.
Thing is he did it in front
of witnesses, but nobody
remembers anything.
They say they don’t know
what happened.
BRYAN: It looks like everyone
else is in some kind of trance.
Hmm.
TOM: She took that blue bag
he has with him.
He’s fighting against something.
We found the woman
wandering on a highway
six miles away.
No bag or any Debris.
She doesn’t remember a thing.
He was clicking out at 240
when he brought him in.
Well...
he was definitely
near Debris recently.
New divorce,
got into some small-time trouble
here in Maine,
and he doesn’t even have
a passport.
-So?
-Well, he doesn’t seem like
an ideological terrorist.
Well, clear-skins
are usually chosen
by terrorist organizations
for exactly that reason.
they’re unremarkable,
they’re under the radar.
Yeah, but he didn’t keep it
clean.
I mean, there’s check kiting,
forgery,
Liam Packard’s been committing
petty crimes since he was 15
years old.
He and Anson Ash were
trading calls several times.
There had to be a reason.
Yeah.
Maybe he was part
of a sleeper cell.
Maine is an easy hop
to the Canadian border.
It’s right on the Atlantic.
I mean, it’s the perfect spot
for Influx to set up.
Let’s go check out his house.
Stand by.
-You Luke Packard?
-I am.
FINOLA: Hey. We’ve come
to talk to you about
your brother Liam.
That’s a lot of man power
for a dead man.
Is it about the UFO?
BRYAN: Why would you say that?
Liam found some small pieces
of a strange metal
out in the wash
behind our property.
-When was that?
-A few weeks ago.
There’s this group
on the Internet
that tracks this sort of thing,
like it’s some kind
of alien tech.
Supposedly, pieces of
this spacecraft fall to Earth.
Liam said this was
a part of it.
And what did he do
with what he found?
He was always chasing after
some get-rich-quick scheme.
He was gonna sell it
to some people he met online
on the dark web.
Do you know who
he was gonna sell it to?
It was a black market
type of thing
he said offered him
a lot of money.
Like, 50 thousand dollars.
He said he was on his way
to Winter Harbor this morning
to do it.
To trade.
At least that’s what he said.
Caroline, hey, sweetie,
can you--
can you give us
a few minutes?
I’m just talking
to my friends here.
It’s okay.
Caroline’s Liam’s daughter.
I haven’t found a way
to tell her yet.
Luke, is there anything else
that you can tell us
about the metal that Liam found?
Yeah. Yeah,
ever since he found it,
he’d been acting funny.
Funny how?
It made him intense.
It reminded me what
I used to see when
I was in Afghanistan.
Almost like he was suffering
from shellshock,
only there was no shells.
You know what I mean?
He’d just stare at the walls
for hours.
But then it’d pass,
and he’d go back to himself.
I was in Afghanistan.
Oh, yeah? What branch?
Marines... MARSOC.
Oh-ho! MARSOC?
You guys were no joke.
We should probably take
a look at his laptop,
-if that’s okay.
-Yeah, sure.
We’re also gonna need
to take a look at the marsh,
where Liam found the pieces.
It’s right out back.
I’ll, uh, grab the laptop.
(jet roars overhead)
The guy fights to keep
from giving up a bag
to a woman who doesn’t remember
what she did with it,
and then he kills himself.
He said his brother
was acting strange
after he found it.
Maybe the Debris somehow
took control of them all.
Like what happened
to me in Kansas.
The Debris was in the bag
mind-controlling him.
Hmm. And it’s still out there.
We should get
some SAT scans going,
see if we can pick anything up.
I, uh, wrote down
the password for you.
Oh. Okay. Thank you.
You don’t have any experience
telling children of a loss,
do you?
Uh, yeah, it’s, um...
It’s not easy.
But, um, no matter
what words are spoken,
just-- just focus
on being there for her.
That’s all that really matters.
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
Oh, wow, yeah,
he definitely did frequent
all sorts of conspiracy
websites.
There’s a lot of chat logs
in here.
Like what?
Just things
that people heard, saw.
Hey, what was
his reaction about?
Luke.
When he heard what unit
you were involved with.
Nothing.
We were just both there.
What?
We never searched the marsh.
How could we leave
without searching it?
(Bryan whistles)
(device beeps)
390. I don’t wanna get
too close.
I don’t wanna be here.
You okay?
I don’t think it wants us
to be here.
-You okay?
-Mm-hmm.
What was going on back there?
It was like it spoke to me.
But it was different
to what I experienced in Kansas.
This was more like a--
a whisper in my ear.
TECH BRANDT:
Hey, Bryan.
You pick up any signatures
on where that bag of Debris
might’ve traveled?
TECH BRANDT:
Nothing yet. Not a blip.
BRYAN: All right, let’s get
that family to a hotel
for the night.
Lock down the whole property
and dispatch the situation team
to the location.
We’re gonna need a water unit,
so should give them a heads up.
Got it.
Closest team is in Boston.
Should be there by morning.
Boston...
Then drop me a pin on a good,
clean, hotel for the night...
with a reasonably stocked
minibar.
TECH BRANDT:
Copy that.
(device powering up)
(powering surging)
MADDOX: You’re a soldier.
I respect that.
It takes a certain, um...
discipline, right?
A certain, uh, ability
to endure, don’t you think?
You know,
to have the career you’ve had,
you must have
a very strong spirit.
I’ve been called obstinate.
(chuckles)
Yeah, me too.
This new terrain that we’re
all in with this Debris,
it’s not the first time
I’ve found myself
in uncharted regions.
But I’ve always found it
comfortable
to make my own way
in times of great duress.
You may have even benefitted
from some of my work
in the war on terror.
Some of the information
I pulled from terrorists
I shared with the UK
when you were a soldier.
It’s just Novocain.
It’s better if it’s numb.
-(squelching)
-(wincing)
MADDOX: Breathe. Breathe!
That’s it. That’s it.
You’re from Lancashire, right?
(device beeping)
Preston?
You know I’ve been there?
There’s a church there,
if I remember, a beautiful,
beautiful church.
Is it still there, that church?
You know, I-- I always wanted
to do a painting of it in oils.
-(electricity surging)
-(grunting)
I want you to think
of the church.
Just picture it.
Think of the spire.
Think of the-- of the way
the bell sounds in winter.
(device powering down)
The tone of that bell
as it sends a vibration
right through your body.
(panting)
Now I want you to think
of George Jones.
-(device power surging)
-(grunting)
Maybe you just could just
pull up a chair to the buffet.
It would be easier.
I stayed up all night
watching the shopping network.
Got a three-in-one
titanium strainer
for the kitchen.
It’s definitely worth it,
but I will be running off
sugar and coffee for
the rest of the day.
FINOLA:
What? You couldn’t sleep?
By an active military base?
Tom told me
they got into Liam’s phone.
The last number that Liam
dialed the day he died
at the ferry slip
was not to INFLUX.
-Who then?
-His ex-wife.
Ten minutes before
he shot himself.
Hi, Mrs. Hernandez?
I’m Agent Finola Jones,
this is Agent Beneventi.
Just wondering if we could
ask you a few questions
about your ex-husband
and your daughter Caroline.
We understand
that Liam contacted you
the morning that he died.
Can you tell us what
he was calling you about?
He was upset. He told me
if something happened to him
to go get Caroline
from his house.
He was pleading with me.
And then--
And what happened next?
I told him no.
How long were you divorced
from Liam?
-Two years.
-Were you refused custody
of Caroline?
No. I won custody.
It was a long,
drawn-out court battle.
But I fought like hell
for my daughter.
She’s the most important thing
in the world to me.
So why didn’t you go get
Caroline when Liam asked?
Because she belongs there.
What do you mean,
she belongs there?
That’s where she belongs.
-Luke?
-LUKE: What’s going on?
-Where’s Caroline?
-She’s inside watching TV. Why?
(man chattering on TV,
indistinct)
Why didn’t you go to a hotel,
like we instructed?
What’s-- I don’t remember that.
What’s happening?
BRYAN: We believe Caroline’s
involved
with what your brother found.
We think the material
in the marsh is controlling
people’s thoughts,
trying to keep them away.
(birds twittering)
FINOLA: Caroline?
Hi. Do you remember me?
I came here yesterday
to talk to your Uncle Luke.
I saw your mom today.
I told her I was going
to check on you to make
sure that you’re okay.
This is just like
a no-touch thermometer.
Like the ones they use
at the doctors?
See?
Can I?
Okay.
MAN: I’m getting signatures
all over the marsh bed.
There’s Debris everywhere
in here.
I know there’s a lot going on,
but they’re just looking
for something we think
might have gotten lost
out there.
And you know what I think?
I think you know
what I’m talking about.
Do you know what
your mom told me?
She told me that you
are the most important person
in the whole world.
You miss your mom?
Yeah.
FINOLA: You don’t need to worry
about them, Caroline.
You have to leave.
You’ll be hurt.
What do you think might hurt me?
Is it the metal
that your dad found?
Hey, I see how strong you are,
trying to handle all of this
all by yourself.
I’m here to help you now.
You don’t have to be strong
alone anymore.
I’m the one who has to get it.
BRYAN: We’re concerned
about Caroline’s safety.
About what it might do to her.
Until we have this
under control,
we think that you should collect
a few of her items,
enough for a few days, and...
and as soon as they get back,
we’ll get going.
Okay. Of course.
And do you know why
it comes to me?
I don’t want it to,
but it does.
Is it hurting you?
He makes me get them for him,
so he’ll have enough.
I think he hurt my father.
And he keeps my mom away.
with his thoughts,
but he’s not like me.
He’s angry.
We were used as cannon fodder
by bureaucrats
pulling war levers
in Washington.
You know, rich politicians
and their children don’t go
to war.
But the he rest of us...
It isn’t right.
They are in control of the will
of us soldiers
like we were machines.
And all the while,
they get no real blood
on their hands.
Sometimes I hide pieces.
But my uncle,
he always wants more,
so he can get strong again.
And they get used up fast.
I need you to stop this, Luke,
what you’re doing.
My brother found them.
But he didn’t care
what they can do,
where the real power was.
Well, what happened to him?
I’m not gonna lie to you.
What I did to him is gonna hurt
me for the rest of my life.
And I gotta live with that.
But he interfered
with the mission.
And the mission
must be executed.
What mission?
You know the upper levels
of command,
-the guys who decide
what happens to us pawns?
-Yeah.
Well, a few of them are
meeting for a conference
at an Air Force base
right near here,
no doubt making plans to do to
others what they did to my unit.
(plane roaring overhead)
I’ll stop them.
I don’t want to hurt Caroline.
But I need her to find more.
I know that you’re haunted
by regret,
by what the military
put you through.
They want us to be machines.
I’ll give them one.
And when I tell you
that I understand...
...it’s not empty.
When I was in Surabi,
I lost brothers.
Destroyed families.
There are people
that can help you get through
what you’re going through
right now,
like they helped me.
There is a way to get back
from this pain.
I was where you were,
and that darkness
almost ended me.
And then somebody
put out his hand.
He was there for me.
I wanna be there for you...
...if you’ll let me.
You should go find your partner.
Bryan, Luke is the one
controlling the Debris.
Agent Jones,
there’s nothing down there.
We’ve checked everything.
Okay, let’s get going.
Let’s pack it up.
-(doors slamming)
-(engines starting)
Bye. It was nice to meet you.
You have such pretty eyes.
See what you did, Caroline?
You made me waste too much
on them.
I need more now.
You keep telling me that
you’re not finding anything.
But I know.
I know that’s a lie.
I know you’ve been hiding
what you found.
How is it protecting you?
Where are you hiding it?
Where?
Good. Good girl.
AGENT LI:
Tom and the team are back.
They’re prepping to leave.
Great.
Tell him we’ll see him
back in Virginia.
Hey, what happened
with that little girl?
Caroline? She’s fine.
She’s at the house
with her uncle.
There was nothing there.
What are you talking about?
It’s all good.
She belongs there.
Bryan.
How did we get here?
Luke! Stop! Stop, Luke!
You can’t shoot me.
Don’t move!
Now get on your knees!
LUKE: So you’re with them now?
I’m just getting started.
Don’t listen to him.
Walk away. Go on.
I said go on, do it.
Do it. Pull the trigger.
Do it!
(Finola gasps)
Did you do that?
Or was that the first time?
He was gonna hurt you.
It’s over now.
You did the right thing.
GLORIA: I would never leave
you, Caroline.
Do you understand?
There are moments
when I would remember
just how much I love you,
that I had to come for you.
But when I got to the house
to get you, it would be gone
again.
I am so sorry.
There was nothing you could do,
no matter how hard you fought.
What did this?
What did he find?
We’re still trying
to figure that out.
But you... you were
the strongest of all.
I’ll forever be grateful
that you saved our lives.
Thank you.
Bye, Caroline.
-What’d you tell her?
-Nothing.
(phone vibrating)
It’s my sister. One second.
-FINOLA: Hi, Dee Dee.
-Finola.
Listen, I feel like
I’m in a downward spiral,
and I need you to come home.
Okay. What’s going on?
DEE DEE: I just-- I feel like
I’m gonna relapse,
and I just really need you
back here, like, seriously.
FINOLA: Okay, okay.
Um, have you called
your sponsor?
-No.
-Well, I need you
to do that now.
-Okay, but please--
-Dee Dee.
You need to call your sponsor.
Your place is in London,
Finola, with me.
You’re the only person
that could help.
I was thinking we could go
to Michelle’s country house.
Just the two of us.
You wanna go
to Michelle’s country house?
Something like that, yeah.
Are you there?
Yeah.
Yeah, I’m--
I’m still here.
Well, nothing
would make me happier
than to go to
Michelle’s country house,
-but I can’t make it back
right now.
-(phone ringing)
Yes, sir.
MADDOX: Hey, so listen up.
I just got done
interrogating Anson Ash.
I need you and Finola
back here right away
to prep for a raid.
You’re going to
the Washington Scablands.
I already spoke with Ferris.
And I’m gonna do my best
to come back and see you, okay?
DEE DEE: Promise?
FINOLA: I promise.
-I love you.
Thank you.
I just had the strangest call
with my sister.
She used a code
from my childhood
when our parents were around
and we didn’t want them
to hear us.
It’s like she was trying
to tell me something
but couldn’t.
What?
What’s up?
They found your father.
MAN: Roger that. Approaching
Debris Field 56 now. Over.
(beep)
I see it.
It appears to have a strange
shimmering wall near it.
It’s undulating, and it--